# Week 6 assignment

Welcome to Week 6's assignment.

This assignment is the biggest milestone since we started the workshops. It's a huge step because by now we covered most things that you need to know in order to become a JavaScript developer. Even though we mostly had high-level overviews of JavaScript concepts, by now you know how to set up an entire project.

This assignment will require you to combine everything we covered so far into one relatively large application. And what other app to build, than a todo application? You'll find that whenever you pick up a new JavaScript related technology, the best way to test it is by building a todo app. It has everything in it: state management to handle your todos, different UIs to add and inspect todos, styling, and so on.

You're tasked to make an app based on this wireframe.

Some criteria for the app:
- You'll have to initialise a `package.json` to manage installed libraries
- You need to divide your application into ES modules
- You need to set up a build process for your app. We've done this during class, with `parcel`. Don't forget to add your scripts to `package.json`.
- You need to use modern JavaScript syntax. This means that you cannot use `var`. Try to avoid using for-loops that look like this `for (let i; i < 10; i++)`, instead use `for (const i of yourArray)`, etc.
- You'll need to come up with the styling your app yourself
- Todos should be able to be:
  - Created
  - Deleted
  - Changed
- You need to use some libraries to make your app a bit fancier. To browse packages, go to [npmjs.com](https://npmjs.com):
  - Use [`parcel`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/parcel) to hot-reload and build your project
  - Use [`sweetalert`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sweetalert) to display an alert to the user when they want to delete a todo (Hint: the first example on the package's page is a good starting point 😉)
  - Search for a library yourself that you can somehow incorporate into the project
- The initial todo list state should be fetched from `https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/todos` (search in your browser or in Insomnia to see the `JSON` response)

To help you get started, I've written a general folder structure that you can follow:

```bash
  node_modules/         ----- This folder is generated by npm, no need to ever touch it
  src/
    assets/
      logo.png
    js/
      todoHandlers.js
      renderingLogic.js
      main.js           ----- The primary role of main.js is to import values from other .js files
    styles/
      main.css
      todo.css
    store/
      store.js          ----- The store is where you *store* your state
  index.html            ----- Your index.html should be a pretty basic file, that imports main.js
  package.json
  .gitignore            ----- Make sure to add node_modules to .gitignore!
```

We haven't worked with state management yet, but I think this is the perfect time for you to play around with some basic state in your app. `store.js` is the place where you ~store~ your state object: it has every state in it that you want to use across your app. Things like the todo list and user settings come in here. It is also a good idea to store the state fetching and updating logic in this module.

```javascript
  const store = {
   todos: [
    {
      id: 1,
      title: 'Feed cat'
      time: '18-02-2022'
    },
    {
      id: 2,
      title: 'Create workshop assignment'
      time: '18-02-2022'
    }
   ],
   user: {
    name: 'Berci',
    profileImageSrc: 'https://somewebsite.com/berci.png'
   }
   ...
  }

  // State updating logic
  function updateUserName(newName) {
    store.user.name = newName
  }
```

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask me!
Have fun! 🦧